Working Vagrant setup (#3)
metno/vagrant-s-enda: README.md

* [`kubectl`](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubectl) --- to interact with Kubernets.
* [`k9s`](https://github.com/derailed/k9s) --- for a terminal menu based interaction with Kubernetes.

#### Data storage

All permanent storage folders resides in the VMs `/opt` folder. Kubernetes assigns subfolder here dynamically which are mounted into the containers. In opt folder run the `tree` command to find the archive folder. Example output.

```plain
vagrant@k3s:/opt$ tree
.
├── containerd [error opening dir]
├── pvc-49dc1064-4e6b-4401-94b7-8e122e8524d1_default_postgis
│   └── postgres-data [error opening dir]
├── pvc-62205a5b-0b6d-4b21-be3c-be5c1f6a96fe_default_mms-workdir
│   ├── events.db
│   └── state.db
└── pvc-eda8301d-fc59-4d3d-b6b3-28d1ebf2b110_default_dmci-storage
    ├── archive       <------------ where MMD XML archive is stored
    └── workdir
```

## Usage examples

### Discovery Metadata Catalog Ingestor, DMCI

Ingesting MMD files to both archive and PyCSW.

#### Insert

> This validates the MMD file. If the validation goes through, we ingest the MMD file into the archive folder, convert it to ISO and ingest it into PyCSW.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API method to first validate and then ingest the MMD file in case of successful validation. In case the validation fails, the user receives an error message. If the validation succeeds, the MMD file is ingested into the archive folder, converted to the Norwegian version of the INSPIRE ISO19115 profile and ingested into the PyCSW database.
```

```bash

> curl --data-binary @test/metopb-avhrr-20201201155244-20201201160030.xml http://10.10.10.10:8000/v1/insert

Reviewer: can we add an example of a failing ingestion as well? It could be useful to demonstrate that also..

Author: There is a link to the dmci repository that explains failure codes. I think we shouldn't repeat those in case they change.

Author: I will add a direct link to correct place in the dmci readme.

```

> ### PyCSW
> 
> The CSW endpoint.
> 
> #### List all datasets
> 
> * http://10.10.10.10/?mode=opensearch&service=CSW&version=2.0.2&request=GetRecords&elementsetname=full&typenames=csw:Record&resulttype=results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### CSW endpoint

List all datasets:

* http://10.10.10.10/?mode=opensearch&service=CSW&version=2.0.2&request=GetRecords&elementsetname=full&typenames=csw:Record&resulttype=results
```
